---
sidebar: on
sidebarDepth: 1
---

# Wails v0.18.0

This version brings new functionality to the Event subsystem.

A *huge* thank you to everyone that was involved in this release!

## Even more Linux!

We've been busy on the Linux front and now have support for:
  * Mint
  * KDE Neon
  * Elementary
  * Kali Linux
  * Parrot

Plus better support for existing distributions: 
    * Fedora, CentOS, Debian and Gentoo

## Refactored Runtime

The Javascript part of the runtime has been refactored to bring in some improvements. It has been assembled as a standard node module that may now be imported by frontend code to get access to the runtime methods.

```javascript

const runtime = require('@wailsapp/runtime');

runtime.Events.On('myevent', () => {
  // etc
})

```

### Method deprecation (renaming)
The original, lower cased methods have been deprecated. The driver for this has been to unify the Go and JS runtimes. The methods are the same, just capitalized. 

## Event Updates

This release sees a huge refactor of the runtime to improve maintainability and testability. With it come a number of new methods which are designed to simplify coordination between the frontend and backend.

### OnMultiple

> Events.OnMultiple(eventName, callback, maxCallbacks)

Registers a listener that will call `callback` a maximum of `maxCallbacks` times. After this time, the listener will be removed.

### Once 

> Events.Once(eventName, callback)

Registers a listener that will be destroyed after being notified once. Shorthand for `Events.OnMultiple(eventName, callback, 1)`.

### Heartbeat

> Events.Heartbeat(eventName, timeInMilliseconds, callback)

Heartbeat will emit `eventName` every `timeInMilliseconds` until it is acknowledged by `Event.Acknowledged`. When that happens, `callback` is invoked. 

### Acknowledge

> Events.Acknowledge(eventName)

Acknowledge will acknowledge the heartbeat event `eventName`.

---

We hope you enjoy the final v0.* release! See you at v1.0.0!